welcome to the deep seen Italy fan skin
IC to Duncan with music from chris
hoffman ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am i always
rather enjoyed the deep sea skins that
right it does for so big legend
characters particularly the latest
kog'maw one and cho gath is pretty
creepy not only is he a giant even he is
now a giant demon Fishman we're getting
close to the Lovecraft away but we're
not quite there doing deep seen Italy
was a little bit of a challenge I
thought it would be more interesting
because she has two forms so right there
it's like I'm designing two characters
right off the bat are two new skins for
them natalie is one of my favorite
characters just because of her utility
linking she doesn't always have the best
foot up but she's still so much fun to
play especially towards middle game
where she is just destroying everything
so for this image I made a more detailed
background sort of along the lines of
smoke I and I had to figure out how to
put both of the characters into the
competition neatly while still saving
room for what would you know normally be
the skin boxes I was just practicing as
opposed
it's kind of like a mix of fish in a
line for like a lionfish he just kind of
interesting I think it really enjoy the
colors that I have been on the few
lifetime time in the elements from her
cat form into her shooting form was a
lot of fun I got to deal with mixing
colors making sure the themes were
appropriate her hair color was always
going to be a lot of fun since her
feline form is a purple color she has a
new hair color which has never been seen
on newly before and she has a shark
tooth necklace as well as her bracers
which I tried to tie into the felines
glowy bits which might not be visible
right now this one time wise i think it
took me about the same time as malc i
did because they're recording for just
about the same length i guess in Italy
is a little bit longer but seeing as how
there is actually two characters that's
acceptable I think I'm almost to the
point where I start adding color I'm
just going back and finishing some of
the finer details or finding everything
a little bit oh yeah her her trident I
think would be awesome going back to the
side in a little bit you know the nymph
of this now that that's what Poseidon is
but anyhow the coloring for this image
was a bit more intense than it was for
maokai or sumo Gragas simply because of
a new style I was trying I actually used
a couple of layers with different
settings on them so I had to go through
each layer individually and put the
color down so that's what you see me
doing
I definitely like the effect that I got
those it's very nice kind of flows from
the inside a little bit I think it would
be really cool to see skin like this in
game you have the deep-sea mid-late all
you can even have like a deep scene to
scene with Gragas and she oh yeah I
think agua I kassadin that might
actually work too much too cuz cuz it's
all the elements there maybe you have
like an attack damage in Italy but
that's no fun at torch this part of the
image I could quite find the colors i
was looking for there's just too much
blue for me so i was messing with this
guy trying to figure out a balance
between the water when eventually i'll
just like you know what this needs to
change and so i made a nice sort of
sunset esky colors that you would never
see in the original like in real life
but that's half of the fun of doing
these images every night I hope you
enjoyed the deep-sea nidalee spotlight
with Sita dusting